meta/documents/user_guide/en/troubleshooting.md, before:

# Wayfair Plugin: Troubleshooting

## Introduction

This document is intended for users of the Wayfair plugin who are experiencing issues with it. If there is an issue in Plentymarkets which does not apply specifically to the Wayfair plugin, it should be reported to Plentymarkets.

The known issues for current and past versions of the Wayfair plugin can be viewed on [the plugin's GitHub page](https://github.com/wayfair-contribs/plentymarkets-plugin/issues).


## Plentymarkets logs

The Wayfair plugin produces information in the Plentymarkets logs, which contains critical information for investigating and resolving issues.

### Viewing the logs
To view the Plentymarkets logs, from the main Plentymarkets page, go to `Data` >> `Log`.

![log menu entry](../../../images/en/troubleshooting/menu_data_log.png)

### Viewing log details

Click on a row in the logs view in order to view the `Log details` for a message.

![log details](../../../images/en/troubleshooting/log_details.png)

* Important details are often hidden inside **collapsed** areas of the log details.

* When filing a bug report, copy as much data as possible out of the `Log details` into a file for sending to Wayfair.

### Setting the log level for Wayfair

The default settings for the logs do not show all messages from the Wayfair plugin. To get more details in the logs, change the level of logging for Wayfair to `Debug`:

1. Open the Plentymarkets `Log` page if it is not already open.

2. Click on the `Configure Logs` gear-shaped button ![gear button](../../../images/common/button_gear.png).

3. Click on `Wayfair` in the list on the left.
    ![wayfair in list](../../../images/en/troubleshooting/wayfair_log_category.png)

4. Check the `Active` box

5. Set the `Log level` to  `Debug`

6. Ensure the settings look like this:

    ![wayfair set to debug](../../../images/en/troubleshooting/wayfair_logs_active_debug.png)

7. Click the `save` button at the bottom of the form to save the settings. **Notice:** There is no indication that the settings have saved.

### Filtering the logs to show only Wayfair logs

1. Open the Plentymarkets `Log` page if it is not already open.

2. In the `Integration` field on the left side of the log viewer, enter "Wayfair"

    ![wayfair in filter](../../../images/en/troubleshooting/filter_logs_wayfair.png)

3. Click on the magnifying glass button ![search button](../../../images/common/button_search.png) to display only the Wayfair Plugin's log messages.


## Common issues

Prior to contacting Wayfair, please use the table below to self-diagnose issues in the Wayfair plugin.

| Issue | Possible causes |
| ----- | --------------- |
| General lack of data coming from Wayfair or going to Wayfair | <ul><li>Missing or incorrect [credentials for the Wayfair Plugin](initial_setup.md#1-authorizing-the-wayfair-plugin-to-access-wayfair-interfaces) in the active Plugin Set.</li><li>Internet connectivity issues.</li><li>Temporary Wayfair downtime.</ul> |
| An item is missing from inventory sent to Wayfair | <ul><li>The [`Item Mapping Method`](settings_guide.md#item-mapping-method) setting in Wayfair's settings is not set to the desired value.</li><li>The [`Send all inventory items to Wayfair`](settings_guide.md#send-all-inventory-items-to-wayfair) setting is **disabled** and the Variation in Plentymarkets is not [marked as available](initial_setup.md#5-making-items-available-for-sale-on-wayfair) for the Wayfair marketplace.</li><li>The Variation in Plentymarkets is associated with a Plentymarkets Warehouse that is not mapped to a Wayfair Supplier ID on the [`Warehouses`](settings_guide.md#warehouses-page) page of the Wayfair settings.</li><li>The Plentymarkets Item Variation has an empty or incorrect value in the field that is associated with the [`Item Mapping Method`](settings_guide.md#item-mapping-method) setting in Wayfair's settings.</li></ul> |
| Inventory amount sent to Wayfair for an item is less than the expected value | <ul><li>None of the [Plentymarkets Warehouses associated with Wayfair](settings_guide.md#warehouses-page) currently contain positive inventory for the Plentymarkets Item Variation.</li><li>The [`Stock Buffer`](settings_guide.md#stock-buffer) setting's value is greater than or equal to the current amount of inventory for the Plentymarkets Item Variation in [Plentymarkets Warehouses associated with Wayfair](settings_guide.md#warehouses-page).</li></ul> |
| No orders coming from Wayfair | <ul><li>The Wayfair Supplier ID for the Wayfair Purchase Order is not mapped to a Plentymarkets Warehouse on the [`Warehouses`](settings_guide.md#warehouses-page) page of the Wayfair settings.</li></ul> |
| Orders coming from Wayfair are not properly getting associated with Items in Plentymarkets | <ul><li>The [`Item Mapping Method`](settings_guide.md#item-mapping-method) setting in Wayfair's settings is set to the incorrect value.</li><li>The Plentymarkets Item Variation has an empty or incorrect value in the field that is associated with the [`Item Mapping Method`](settings_guide.md#item-mapping-method) setting in Wayfair's settings.</li></ul> |
| Warehouses missing or incorrect for Order coming from Wayfair | <ul><li>Issues in Warehouse assignments on the [`Warehouses`](settings_guide.md#warehouses-page) page of the Wayfair settings.</li><li>Multiple Warehouses associated with one Wayfair Supplier ID on the [`Warehouses`](settings_guide.md#warehouses-page) page of the Wayfair settings.</li></ul> |
| Shipping label download button does not appear in the `Overview` tab of an Order in the Plentymarkets `Shipping centre` | <ul><li>Order's shipment has not been registered.</li><li>Shipping Centre was not yet refreshed after shipment registration was performed.</li><li>Document downloading failed during the shipment registration process.</li></ul> |

## Reporting issues to Wayfair

If you are unable to resolve an issue with the Wayfair plugin, you may file a report on [the issues page for the plugin](https://github.com/wayfair-contribs/plentymarkets-plugin/issues) so that it may be evaluated by the Wayfair team.

**When contacting Wayfair, please include:**
* Information on any settings that have recently been changed in Plentymarkets.
* Information on any settings that have recently been changed in the Wayfair plugin.
* Captures of Plentymarkets logs (and log details) from the time period when issues occurred.

**In order to provide you with the best support, Wayfair's representatives may also need to ask you additional questions about your specific configuration.**

Commit message:

update documentation to reflect the changes made for version 1.1.5 (#177)
* remove 1.1.4 references from doc, change to 1.1.5

* add note about 24 hour delay to troubleshooting guide

* clean up the inventory info in the initial setup instructions

* set expected release date to Oct 20

meta/documents/user_guide/en/troubleshooting.md, after:

# Wayfair Plugin: Troubleshooting

## Introduction

This document is intended for users of the Wayfair plugin who are experiencing issues with it. If there is an issue in Plentymarkets which does not apply specifically to the Wayfair plugin, it should be reported to Plentymarkets.

The known issues for current and past versions of the Wayfair plugin can be viewed on [the plugin's GitHub page](https://github.com/wayfair-contribs/plentymarkets-plugin/issues).


## Plentymarkets logs

The Wayfair plugin produces information in the Plentymarkets logs, which contains critical information for investigating and resolving issues.

### Viewing the logs
To view the Plentymarkets logs, from the main Plentymarkets page, go to `Data` >> `Log`.

![log menu entry](../../../images/en/troubleshooting/menu_data_log.png)

### Viewing log details

Click on a row in the logs view in order to view the `Log details` for a message.

![log details](../../../images/en/troubleshooting/log_details.png)

* Important details are often hidden inside **collapsed** areas of the log details.

* When filing a bug report, copy as much data as possible out of the `Log details` into a file for sending to Wayfair.

### Setting the log level for Wayfair

The default settings for the logs do not show all messages from the Wayfair plugin. To get more details in the logs, change the level of logging for Wayfair to `Debug`:

1. Open the Plentymarkets `Log` page if it is not already open.

2. Click on the `Configure Logs` gear-shaped button ![gear button](../../../images/common/button_gear.png).

3. Click on `Wayfair` in the list on the left.
    ![wayfair in list](../../../images/en/troubleshooting/wayfair_log_category.png)

4. Check the `Active` box

5. Set the `Log level` to  `Debug`

6. Ensure the settings look like this:

    ![wayfair set to debug](../../../images/en/troubleshooting/wayfair_logs_active_debug.png)

7. Click the `save` button at the bottom of the form to save the settings. **Notice:** There is no indication that the settings have saved.

### Filtering the logs to show only Wayfair logs

1. Open the Plentymarkets `Log` page if it is not already open.

2. In the `Integration` field on the left side of the log viewer, enter "Wayfair"

    ![wayfair in filter](../../../images/en/troubleshooting/filter_logs_wayfair.png)

3. Click on the magnifying glass button ![search button](../../../images/common/button_search.png) to display only the Wayfair Plugin's log messages.


## Common issues

Prior to contacting Wayfair, please use the table below to self-diagnose issues in the Wayfair plugin.

| Issue | Possible causes |
| ----- | --------------- |
| General lack of data coming from Wayfair or going to Wayfair | <ul><li>Missing or incorrect [credentials for the Wayfair Plugin](initial_setup.md#1-authorizing-the-wayfair-plugin-to-access-wayfair-interfaces) in the active Plugin Set.</li><li>Internet connectivity issues.</li><li>Temporary Wayfair downtime.</ul> |
| An item is missing from inventory sent to Wayfair | <ul><li>The [`Item Mapping Method`](settings_guide.md#item-mapping-method) setting in Wayfair's settings is not set to the desired value.</li><li>The [`Send all inventory items to Wayfair`](settings_guide.md#send-all-inventory-items-to-wayfair) setting is **disabled** and the Variation in Plentymarkets is not [marked as available](initial_setup.md#5-making-items-available-for-sale-on-wayfair) for the Wayfair marketplace.</li><li>The Variation in Plentymarkets is associated with a Plentymarkets Warehouse that is not mapped to a Wayfair Supplier ID on the [`Warehouses`](settings_guide.md#warehouses-page) page of the Wayfair settings.</li><li>The Plentymarkets Item Variation has an empty or incorrect value in the field that is associated with the [`Item Mapping Method`](settings_guide.md#item-mapping-method) setting in Wayfair's settings.</li></ul> |
| Inventory amount sent to Wayfair for an item is less than the expected value | <ul><li>None of the [Plentymarkets Warehouses associated with Wayfair](settings_guide.md#warehouses-page) currently contain positive inventory for the Plentymarkets Item Variation.</li><li>The [`Stock Buffer`](settings_guide.md#stock-buffer) setting's value is greater than or equal to the current amount of inventory for the Plentymarkets Item Variation in [Plentymarkets Warehouses associated with Wayfair](settings_guide.md#warehouses-page).</li></ul> |
| No orders coming from Wayfair | <ul><li>The Wayfair Supplier ID for the Wayfair Purchase Order is not mapped to a Plentymarkets Warehouse on the [`Warehouses`](settings_guide.md#warehouses-page) page of the Wayfair settings.</li></ul> |
| Orders coming from Wayfair are not properly getting associated with Items in Plentymarkets | <ul><li>The [`Item Mapping Method`](settings_guide.md#item-mapping-method) setting in Wayfair's settings is set to the incorrect value.</li><li>The Plentymarkets Item Variation has an empty or incorrect value in the field that is associated with the [`Item Mapping Method`](settings_guide.md#item-mapping-method) setting in Wayfair's settings.</li></ul> |
| Warehouses missing or incorrect for Order coming from Wayfair | <ul><li>Issues in Warehouse assignments on the [`Warehouses`](settings_guide.md#warehouses-page) page of the Wayfair settings.</li><li>Multiple Warehouses associated with one Wayfair Supplier ID on the [`Warehouses`](settings_guide.md#warehouses-page) page of the Wayfair settings.</li></ul> |
| Shipping label download button does not appear in the `Overview` tab of an Order in the Plentymarkets `Shipping centre` | <ul><li>Order's shipment has not been registered.</li><li>Shipping Centre was not yet refreshed after shipment registration was performed.</li><li>Document downloading failed during the shipment registration process.</li></ul> |
| Inventory updates not being sent to Wayfair | <ul><li>The Wayfair plugin has just been installed or upgraded - use the [Wayfair settings](settings_guide.md) to initiate [the first full inventory synchronization](initial_setup.md#8-first-inventory-synchronization), as Wayfair is not allowed to do this automatically in the first 24 hours.</li><li>[Wayfair settings](#settings_guide.md) do not match the Plentymarkets setup - review "An item is missing from inventory sent to Wayfair." </li><li>Connectivity issues - review "General lack of data coming from Wayfair or going to Wayfair."</li></ul> |

## Reporting issues to Wayfair

If you are unable to resolve an issue with the Wayfair plugin, you may file a report on [the issues page for the plugin](https://github.com/wayfair-contribs/plentymarkets-plugin/issues) so that it may be evaluated by the Wayfair team.

**When contacting Wayfair, please include:**
* Information on any settings that have recently been changed in Plentymarkets.
* Information on any settings that have recently been changed in the Wayfair plugin.
* Captures of Plentymarkets logs (and log details) from the time period when issues occurred.

**In order to provide you with the best support, Wayfair's representatives may also need to ask you additional questions about your specific configuration.**
