meta/documents/user_guide_en.md, before:

# Wayfair plugin user guide
<div class="container-toc"></div>

To ensure that you are viewing the latest version of this document, [click here](https://github.com/wayfair-contribs/plentymarkets-plugin/blob/master/meta/documents/user_guide_en.md).


## Welcome to Wayfair

### Introduction to the Wayfair plugin
The Wayfair plugin is the official plugin for using Plentymarkets to sell items on the Wayfair marketplace.
The plugin provides multiple integrations with Wayfair's interfaces, including - but not limited to - the following operations:
* Automatic retrieval of Wayfair orders, with conversion to Plentymarkets orders
* Automatic sending of Plentymarkets inventory information to Wayfair, to keep item availability accurate
* Automatic transferal of Wayfair-generated shipping documents to Plentymarkets
* Sending order status changes from Plentymarkets to Wayfair, to keep Wayfair customers and Wayfair Customer Support up to date.

### Selling on Wayfair
Wayfair is a closed marketplace. Use of the Wayfair plugin is limited to organizations that have registered as Wayfair suppliers.

If you are not currently selling on Wayfair, please go to https://partners.wayfair.com/d/onboarding/sell-on-wayfair to get started.

### Instructions for current Wayfair suppliers
If you are a Wayfair supplier looking to use the Wayfair Plentymarkets plugin, please review [the prerequisites for use of the plugin](#preparing-to-use-the-wayfair-plugin) to learn how to make the proper arrangements with your Wayfair Account Manager.

## Preparing to use the Wayfair plugin
Use of the Wayfair plugin requires Wayfair API credentials that have been granted the appropriate rights.

Prior to installation, please use [these instructions](https://github.com/wayfair-contribs/plentymarkets-plugin/blob/master/meta/documents/user_guide/en/obtaining_credentials.md) to contact Wayfair and obtain proper API credentials.

## Installing the Wayfair plugin
The Wayfair plugin is available for free on the PlentyMarketplace. [Click here](https://marketplace.plentymarkets.com/en/plugins/integration/wayfair_6273) to view the plugin's page.

Install the plugin into the active Plugin Set in Plentymarkets. For guided instructions from Wayfair, [click here](https://github.com/wayfair-contribs/plentymarkets-plugin/blob/master/meta/documents/user_guide/en/plugin_installation.md).


## Setting up the Wayfair plugin
Prior to first use of the plugin, [use these instructions](https://github.com/wayfair-contribs/plentymarkets-plugin/blob/master/meta/documents/user_guide/en/initial_setup.md) to get the plugin properly connected to Wayfair and functioning as desired.

## Customization and monitoring
The Wayfair plugin presents Plentymarkets users with the ability to customize and monitor its behavior.
[Click here to view the latest instructions](https://github.com/wayfair-contribs/plentymarkets-plugin/blob/master/meta/documents/user_guide/en/settings_guide.md).

## Tips and tricks
Things are always changing at Plentymarkets as well as at Wayfair. [Click here for information on using the Wayfair plugin efficiently and securely](https://github.com/wayfair-contribs/plentymarkets-plugin/blob/master/meta/documents/user_guide/en/tips_and_tricks.md).

Commit message:

add info for updating the plugin to new versions

meta/documents/user_guide_en.md, after:

# Wayfair plugin user guide
<div class="container-toc"></div>

To ensure that you are viewing the latest version of this document, [click here](https://github.com/wayfair-contribs/plentymarkets-plugin/blob/master/meta/documents/user_guide_en.md).


## Welcome to Wayfair

### Introduction to the Wayfair plugin
The Wayfair plugin is the official plugin for using Plentymarkets to sell items on the Wayfair marketplace.
The plugin provides multiple integrations with Wayfair's interfaces, including - but not limited to - the following operations:
* Automatic retrieval of Wayfair orders, with conversion to Plentymarkets orders
* Automatic sending of Plentymarkets inventory information to Wayfair, to keep item availability accurate
* Automatic transferal of Wayfair-generated shipping documents to Plentymarkets
* Sending order status changes from Plentymarkets to Wayfair, to keep Wayfair customers and Wayfair Customer Support up to date.

### Selling on Wayfair
Wayfair is a closed marketplace. Use of the Wayfair plugin is limited to organizations that have registered as Wayfair suppliers.

If you are not currently selling on Wayfair, please go to https://partners.wayfair.com/d/onboarding/sell-on-wayfair to get started.

### Instructions for current Wayfair suppliers
If you are a Wayfair supplier looking to use the Wayfair Plentymarkets plugin, please review [the prerequisites for use of the plugin](#preparing-to-use-the-wayfair-plugin) to learn how to make the proper arrangements with your Wayfair Account Manager.

## Preparing to use the Wayfair plugin
Use of the Wayfair plugin requires Wayfair API credentials that have been granted the appropriate rights.

Prior to installation, please use [these instructions](https://github.com/wayfair-contribs/plentymarkets-plugin/blob/master/meta/documents/user_guide/en/obtaining_credentials.md) to contact Wayfair and obtain proper API credentials.

## Installing the Wayfair plugin
The Wayfair plugin is available for free on the PlentyMarketplace. [Click here](https://marketplace.plentymarkets.com/en/plugins/integration/wayfair_6273) to view the plugin's page.

Install the plugin into the active Plugin Set in Plentymarkets. For guided instructions from Wayfair, [click here](https://github.com/wayfair-contribs/plentymarkets-plugin/blob/master/meta/documents/user_guide/en/plugin_installation.md).


## Setting up the Wayfair plugin
Prior to first use of the plugin, [use these instructions](https://github.com/wayfair-contribs/plentymarkets-plugin/blob/master/meta/documents/user_guide/en/initial_setup.md) to get the plugin properly connected to Wayfair and functioning as desired.

## Updating the Wayfair plugin
Wayfair may occasionally release free updates for the Wayfair plugin. [Click here for information on checking for updates and installing them](https://github.com/wayfair-contribs/plentymarkets-plugin/blob/master/meta/documents/updating.md).

## Customization and monitoring
The Wayfair plugin presents Plentymarkets users with the ability to customize and monitor its behavior.
[Click here to view the latest instructions](https://github.com/wayfair-contribs/plentymarkets-plugin/blob/master/meta/documents/user_guide/en/settings_guide.md).

## Tips and tricks
Things are always changing at Plentymarkets as well as at Wayfair. [Click here for information on using the Wayfair plugin efficiently and securely](https://github.com/wayfair-contribs/plentymarkets-plugin/blob/master/meta/documents/user_guide/en/tips_and_tricks.md).
